---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'The best rebellion takes place beneath notice. How can I see the rebellion in my heart? How can I see what I cannot see? The key is found in the next half of the petition: “make us generous and willing to share.”'
datePublished: '2016-03-25T21:30:21.354Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-25T21:29:59.584Z'
title: Salvation Arts
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-18-d4b969e6-298c-4865-ba19-41f528d59241.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: d4b969e6-298c-4865-ba19-41f528d59241/index.html
_type: Article

---
> "End the rebellion within our hearts..." --- from Laud's Intercessions for today, March 18, 2016

The best rebellion takes place beneath notice. How can I see the rebellion in my heart? How can I see what I cannot see? The key is found in the next half of the petition: "make us generous and willing to share."

We needn't see the rebellion --- we only need choose Jesus our Christ every moment of every day. Easier said than done! Christ gives us anti-rebellion weapons --- and when we choose to wield them they always defeat evil whether we see it or not.

Today we pray for generosity. Generosity is one of the Heavenly (or Life Giving) Virtues. These virtues always and everywhere counter the temptations of the seven deadly sins (aka, the rebellion in our hearts).

To defeat the rebellion in our hearts we needn't focus on the Enemy --- for our Enemy is The Deceiver, who uses lies, manipulations, deceptions, smoke and mirrors to fool us into not only falling into temptations without realizing it, but also into fighting for the rebellion. Oops.

Instead, we focus on Jesus our Christ. As Catholics we do this by wielding the Salvation Arts.

## Salvation Arts

## Sacraments

* Baptism
* Reconciliation
* Eucharist
* Confirmation
* Anointing of the Sick
* Marriage
* Ordination

## Life Giving Virtues

* Chastity
* Temperance (self restraint)
* Charity
* Diligence
* Forgiveness (composure)
* Kindness (admiration)
* Humility

## Mindfulness, Logic, and Reason